Israel's Air Raids on Gaza have
intensified since initial truce efforts
failed and political targets have been
in the frame war planes attack the homes
of top leaders of the islamist movement
Hamas this is what's left of the home of
one of the founders of Hamas Mahmud
zahar he wasn't indoors when it was hit
by an Israeli air strike last night is
thought he's in hiding but Israel had
warned Hamas it would pay a high price
for rejecting Egypt's ceasefire
proposal and yet locals here agree Hamas
should attach strict conditions to any
truce they want an end to the tight
border restrictions on Gaza imposed by
Israel and
Egypt the main priority of Hamas is
protecting the people we are supporting
them a solution must be found for us we
have had enough of living under a
blockade but for now the humanitarian
situation is worsening today leaflets
also dropped from the sky thousands of
people heeded Israel's warning to leave
gaza's border areas many are taking
shelter in
schools on the Israeli side more Sirens
shake the nerves of Tel Aviv residents
overhead Palestinian Rockets are
intercepted by the Iron Dome defense
system Israeli officials maintain that
their military operation is weakening
Hamas I think Hamas itself will meet its
end because nobody in the world is going
to pay for killing or to support
Terror Israeli troops remain along
gaza's borders with no progress in
diplomatic efforts to secure a ceasefire
there's growing concern they could soon
be engaged in an even wider military
offensive yolan Nell BBC News news Gaza
City